Update changelog for Godot 3.3 (#47505)
godotengine/godot: CHANGELOG.md

- [Rename Node is now bound to <kbd>F2</kbd>](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/38201).
  - To account for this change, switching between editors using keyboard shortcuts now requires holding down <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>.
  - Editor shortcuts can be changed back to the previous values in the Editor Settings' Shortcuts tab.
- [Changed the Search Help shortcut from <kbd>Shift + F1</kbd> to <kbd>F1</kbd>](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/43773).
- [Changed the FileSystem dock Copy Path shortcut from <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd> to <kbd>Ctrl + Shift + C</kbd>](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/43397).
- [Changed 3D editor's Primary Grid Steps setting from 10 to 8](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/43754).
  - This uses a power-of-two value by default.
- [Increased the default `profiler_frame_max_functions` to 512](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/43697).
  - This fixes many instances where functions didn't appear in the script profiler.
- [The inspector now allows using a comma as a decimal separator](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/42376).
- [Editor plugins are now searched for recursively](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/43734).

> - [Increased the page size for array/dictionary editors in the inspector from 10 to 2 0](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/44864).

Reviewer: There's a typo here.
```suggestion
- [Increased the page size for array/dictionary editors in the inspector from 10 to 20](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/44864).
```

- HTML5 export using asm.js.
  - Only WebAssembly is supported now, since all browsers supporting WebGL 2.0 also support WebAssembly.

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/compare/3.3-stable...HEAD
[3.3]: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/compare/3.2.3-stable...3.3-stable
[3.2.3]: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/compare/3.2.2-stable...3.2.3-stable
[3.2.2]: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/compare/3.2.1-stable...3.2.2-stable

> [3.2.1]: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/compare/3.2-stable...3.2.1-stable

Author: Fixed. Note that I used a 3.1 changelog comparison link which doesn't exist, since there is no such text file on the download repository.
